Amap Privacy Policy
Version dated November 19, 2019
Entry into force on November 19, 2019
Amap privacy policy applies to the products and services provided by Amap group (hereinafter referred to as “Amap”, the specific scope of which refer to “Explanation of Nouns”) applicable to hardware terminals (including but not limited to websites, applications, API/SDK and its backend systems, operation systems) and hardware terminals containing the aforesaid products and services. 
This privacy policy aims to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect such data, and how we use and protect such data. Understanding this is crucial for you to exercise your personal rights and protect your personal information. Please do take some time to cautiously read this policy before using Amap products or services. When you start downloading, accessing or using Amap products or services, it means you have agreed this privacy policy and trust our way of processing your information. Please note that you may conduct dynamic management of your information with the setting function or control items in the products. 
It should be particularly noted that this policy does not apply to other third-party services provided to you, nor to products or services provided by Amap which Amap separately sets up legal statements and privacy policies. When you use third-party products or services through Amap products or services, your information is subject to third-party privacy policy, and we will clearly inform you on the specific product or service page that the service is provided by a third party, and strongly recommend you to read and understand agreements and policies of the aforesaid third party regarding personal information protection before you accept the services (especially services related to your personal information). 
This policy has the following contents:
(1) How we collect and use your personal information; 
(2) How we use Cookie and similar technologies; 
(3) Third parties we switch in, and how we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information; 
(4) How we keep and protect your personal information; 
(5) How we manage your personal information; 
(6) The information you share; 
(7) Application laws and dispute settlement; 
(8) Protection of the minors; 
(9) Modification to our privacy policy; 
(10) Contact us. 
Thank you for your use of and trust in Amap. Amap is well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and will continue providing more reliable services for you. We will protect your personal information in accordance with the principles of “keeping consistency between power and responsibility, having clear objectives, offering options for acceptance, collecting the least information required, and ensuring security, subject participation, openness and transparency”.
1. How we collect and use your personal information
“Personal information” refers to information that is recorded electronically or in other ways which can identify the identity of a specific natural person or reflect a natural person’s activities independently or in combination with other information. When you use Amap products or services, Amap may possibly receive and record the server data of your website or application program, including but not limited to the operating status of Amap products or services, the network environment, abnormality log, among other specific basic records information which objectively reflect the server terminal of Amap products or services. You understand and agree that the above basic records information and other information through which your personal identity or activities can’t be identified independently or in combination with other information are not your personal information. 
1.1 Information you provide directly and we collect initiatively: 
(1) After you set the location function and start using Amap’s location based services, we need to collect and process your device information (i.e., your hardware model, operating system version, device configuration, unique device identifier, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), the MAC address (hardware address) of your network device, advertising identifier (IDFA)), device connection information and device status information, location information, trace, and information on virtual identify electronic identification. We will locate your device through various methods including IP address, GPS and other sensors capable of providing relevant information (e.g., information that may enable Amap to know nearby device, WLAN accesses and base stations), etc.. We will conduct location and road conditions calculation of Amap users’ location information, and help you and the other Amap users access more accurate location, road conditions and navigation services. In order to facilitate your quick and convenient access to nearby food service, restaurants, attractions, shopping malls and other living service information, we will also single out quality services and information near you based on your geographic location information. You can stop Amap’s collection of information on your location by authorizing the system to shut down the location service or system authorization, but you may possibly be unable to get relevant services or functions, or get the effect which relevant services intend to produce under such circumstance. (2) When you use the search service, we will collect the contents you search and inquire, the links you click, the error information reported, feedbacks and comments, pictures you upload and your IP address, device information, type of browser and language you use, version of the operating system, information of network operator, and time of access to the service. 
(3) When you use navigation service, we will collect your vehicle information, address information and trace. We offer you traffic restriction plan and intelligent recommended commuting services, and the completeness and accuracy of the information will affect the quality of our services. During your use of the navigation service, you may also estimate and record ETC expenses through the ETC reconciliation assistant. This service requires you to manually enter your vehicle information and ETC account information.
(4) When you use Amap service, you can login registered Amap account or use third-party accounts (such as alipay, Taobao, Wechat, etc.). When registering an Amap account, you are required to provide us with your account name, nickname, avatar, password, question for password protection, email address, phone number. When you use third-party account, you will need to authorize Amap to read the information disclosed (nickname, profile, etc.) when you registered the third-party account. If you bind your Amap account to your third-party account, when you lose your Amap account or forget its password, you can conveniently find your account and password back. If you do not login in your Amap account, it will certainly not affect your use of the location and search services provided by Amap, but may affect your use of some functions that need real-name identification (such as comments, taxi services, etc.). 

(5) When you participate in our operational activities, we may need you to provide your name, age, photos, correspondence address, zip code, ID information, way of contact, banks or payment account. Your information can help us contact you to give you operational awards, etc.. You are not required to provide the aforesaid information if you do not participate in relevant operational activities.
(6) Some Amap products and versions provide you with device-based voice recognition function. After you start using the voice recognition function and authorize us to send your voice instructions to the server, we will receive and collect the conversation and audio information when you are interacting with Amap products, and will respond to your voice instructions. You may enter the voice page by clicking the voice button in the search box or in ways explicitly provided in other products, or cancel or close the voice recognition function by settling items in functions. The voice service is technically supported by Amap’s affiliated companies under Alibaba Group, and the technical support providers will strictly abide by the Amap Privacy Policy when processing data.
(7) In order to abide by laws and regulations as well as protect your travel safety and transaction security when you use the hitchhiking function, we need collect your necessary information from you or the providers that keep your information legally, such as: ID information, qualification information, credit information and trip information. (ID information includes: your name, sex, ID certificate, address, occupation, telephone number and relevant additional information; qualification information includes: information about your driver’s license, vehicle driving license and other necessary qualifications according to the requirements of policies and regulations; credit information includes various comprehensive scores presented by third-party organizations based on information at various dimensions through technical means for presenting personal credit and corresponding credit ratings. ) You agree that a third-party verification organization collects and checks your information and provide the verification results to us. We or the third party actually providing the service may, for the sake of your safety, conduct facial recognition before your trip, and collect your facial recognition features and verify them; make sound or video recording of your entire trip after starting your trip to ensure your safety during the trip. Specific security measures may differ due to objective reasons such as technology. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the hitchhiking function or provide such service to other users.
(8) For the sake of security services, you need to perform real-name authentication, facial recognition or qualification certification in some services or scenarios (we will expressly inform you in the services and scenarios). These services in Amap software or services will be provided by Amap’s affiliated companies under Alibaba Group or Ant Financial Group. In order to improve the accuracy and security of the verification service, the verification service provider may save your face information or qualification information, and, when necessary, carry out comparative verification of the information with your relevant information saved by organizations or government bodies as authorized by laws and regulations. 
(9) When you use the location marking service, we may collect your qualification information of relevant subjects for which you have uploaded information and the identity information of necessary stakeholders based on the requirements of laws and regulations and for the purpose of ensuring the validity and accuracy of the audited information. Based on the need for information verification, we may collect the identity information, contact information and facial recognition features of the uploader.
(10) When the customer terminal software you use frequently reports mistakes to us or displays wrong log information, we will record and collect the configuration information and abnormality data on your device, among other documents, to diagnose and improve products and services in order to examine software mistakes and provide better services for you. 
(11) When you contact Amap, we may record your way of contact and identity information, and record your call contents as needed to facilitate us to contact you or help you resolve questions. 
1.2 Information we collect indirectly when you use third party services and functions: 
(1) Information of the third party products or services you use or subscribe. To provide you with more convenient life services, Amap switches in rich third party services for you. You may use relevant functions through product modules like function icons, search results, and neighborhood search. For example, after browsing information with Amap, you can reserve a hotel room, buy a ticket for scenic spots and book an air ticket or train ticket via the Alitrip Platform. When you use third-party services, you may need to submit your personal information (including sensitive personal information like your ID number, way of contact, accommodation information, traffic information, transaction information, and payment information, in which case the content and scenarios for using such information shall be specified item by item.) We hereby remind you that this policy may not replace the privacy policy for other third-party products or services that you use or access to through Amap products/services. When you use third-party services, please refer to the third-party privacy policy or similar statement. Here you are expected to understand:
a. When you use hotel, restaurant and ticket reservation services provided by a third party, Amap need to collect your order information (including the business you select, the time you use its service, service price, transaction status), device and identity information and way of contact to confirm your order with the third party and provide you with inquiry and customer services. 
b. When you use taxi service or bike-sharing service provided by a third party, Amap need to, according to product demand and requirements of the third party, collect your location information, information of the vehicle you select, route information, phone number, payment account, transaction information, IP address, and device information to provide you with relevant services and assist you in accessing inquiry and customer services. 
c. When using car owner services like car insurance, handling of violation of traffic rules and traffic accidents, license-plate lottery inquiry, car maintenance service door to door, we need to collect vehicle information, identity information, transaction information and location information that are necessary for realizing such function so as to reserve or complete the service for you. 
d. When you use the applet in Amap’s software, Amap need to collect your device information and log information necessary to realize the function in order to provide you with the technical support related to the applet. Please note that the technical support of such applet will be jointly provided by Amap’s affiliated companies under Alibaba Group or Ant Financial Group.(2) When providing applicable services to your device system and third party application for you, Amap will collect all necessary information for realizing the function: a. When you conduct registration or third party authorization, Amap may read the identifying code in your short message from your device system to save your time and avoid any possible mistake you may make when reading it manually. 
b. When device system and its installed third party software provide you with location-based services in combination with Amap products or services or by calling Amap products or services, Amap may provide your location information and location information you collected or set to your device system or the third party software, which may include the contact information you submit separately under special circumstances. 
c. In some smart mobile terminal device, the system will set smart cards and information service. Amap will, based on your authorization and setting of system location function and according to the instructions of the system, collect your location and device information before sending such information to the system. 
If you refuse the collection or use of such information, you need to set it or close the software providing such service in your device system. Amap can’t automatically or manually set or close relevant services. 
1.3 Direction for use 
(1) We will use your personal information in the services in accordance with the above statement.  If we need to collect or use your personal information for other purposes not clearly stated herein or for non-specific purposes, we will ask for your consent in advance. 
(2) We will use the above information when you use Amap products and services in accordance with your authorization. If you cancel your account, we will stop using your information and delete the information upon your request. 
(3) We may use your information for security protection, fraud prevention and monitoring against illegal activities to prevent, detect and investigate acts that endanger public security, infringe on individual legitimate rights and interests, and violate regulations or agreement rules in order to protect the legitimate rights and interests and public welfare of you, us or our affiliated company and partners. For example, if you do not pay or complete the transaction in time after using the services, we may obtain your personal information from third-party payment platform, including your identity information, property information, contact information for investigating illegal orders, ensure the safety of your account and funds, and timely identify fraud and other illegal acts.
(4) If we stop the operation of Amap products or services, we will promptly stop using the personal information that you are authorized to use only for the service, and will notify you in the form of one-by-one delivery or announcement. We will also delete or anonymize the personal information we hold in relation to the closed business.
1.4 Customized service and autonomous control
Based on the location you enter, the location information collected by the system during the service process, navigation records, and your own settings and favorites data, we will provide you with customized information services and show or recommend more relevant search results and information flow to you through non-manual decision-making mechanisms including information systems and algorithms. If you are not interested in our information display, you can click to turn off the module. If you want to shut down the customized service, you can contact us through manual customer service.
In order to provide you with better historical data recording services, we will perform visual analysis and display based on the positioning and navigation information accumulated when you use Amap. Unless shared by you with others, the aforesaid visual analysis and display are only visible to you. You can start using the “footprints map” after authorization, or shut down the service according to your needs.
You can set the vehicle information and frequent locations by yourself or we can infer and confirm with you your frequent locations based on the historical data (navigation and positioning information) generated when you use the map. Your frequent locations are only visible to you, and you can delete or modify the same.
1.5 Obtaining authorization of your device
During the process of providing services, Amap will obtain certain authorization of your device, and you can choose to turn off some or all of the authorization in the setting function of the device, so as to refuse Amap to collect and use the corresponding personal information. The authorization display and turn off mode may be various in different devices. Please refer to the device or system instructions and guidance. Your device system may turn on other authorization while authorizing the necessary information, and Amap itself cannot turn off authorization by manual or automatic setting. 
1.6 De-identification
After collecting your personal information, we will de-identify and/or anonymize the data through technical means in a timely way. The subject of de-identified information can’t be identified. Under the premise of not leaking your personal information, Amap has the right to dig, analyze or utilize (including commercialized utilization) anonymized user database. 
1.7 Exceptions 
(1) Collecting your personal information does not need your authorization or consent under any of the following circumstances: 
a. When it is related to national security and security of national defense; 
b. When it is related to public security, public health and major public interests; 
c. When it is related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution; 
d. When it is for protecting your or other individuals’ life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but is hard to get your consent; 
e. When your personal information we collect is independently released by you to the public; 
f. When the personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information like legal news reports, and government information disclosure; 
g. When it is necessary to realize the product functions and services as you require; 
h. Other circumstances stipulated in laws and regulations. 
2. How we use Cookie and similar technologies
(1) When you use Amap products or services, to better your visit experience, we may use various technologies to collect and store information, in which process we may send to your device one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers. In so doing we can understand your use habits, save steps such as repeated input of registration information, or help judge if your account is safe or not. 
(2) When you use Amap products or services, we may also use Cookie or similar technologies to collect your information in order to understand your preferences; do consultation or make data analysis; improve products and services and user experience; better the advertising effect; and discover, prevent and control safety risks to provide better services for the users and partners. 
(3) We will not use Cookie for any other purposes than those stipulated here. You may keep or delete Cookie as you prefer. You may delete all Cookies stored in your software. After you delete them manually, your relevant information will be deleted, too. 
3. Third parties we switch in and how we share, transfer and disclose to the public your personal information
3.1 Third parties we switch in
(1) In order to enable you to receive information push, share information on third-party platforms and complete payment, we have switched in third-party partners in our applications. The aforesaid partners include some manufacturers of mobile phones with Android system , social platforms (such as microblog, WeChat), and third-party payment agencies (such as Alipay). In order to provide services for you, third-party partners may obtain some authorization to collect your personal information for the realization of functions. The types of authorization obtained by third parties may include acquiring your location information, reading/writing your external memory card, reading your phone status and identity, viewing WLAN connection, and retrieve running apps/Bluetooth.
(2) Some of AutoNavi’s products may involve the embedding or switching-in of automation tools (such as codes, interfaces, development kits (SDK), etc.) provided by third parties, e.g., notification SDKs embedded as required by terminal manufacturers, and the SDK of data processing service providers embedded as required by statistical analysis. We will specify the scope of information to be collected through agreements or by other means, and require such third parties to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations.
3.2 Sharing 
(1) We will treat your information with a great duty of diligence, and will not share your personal information with any companies, organizations or individuals beyond Amap and its affiliated companies, except under the following circumstances: 
a. Amap has obtained your clear authorization or consent; 
b. Amap is required by applicable laws and regulations, and legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial judgments to provide such information; 
c. When it is necessary to protect the interests, property and safety of Amap, Amap users or the public from harms within the scope required or allowed by the law; 
d. For the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy only, some of our services will be provided by our authorized partners, Amap may send your personal information to its partners and other third parties. We will only share your personal information for legal, proper, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share the personal information required for the provision of services. Our partners do not have the right to use the shared personal information for any other purposes, and will comply with this privacy policy to protect your personal information. 
(2) Our authorized partners may include the following types: 
a. Software service suppliers, smart device suppliers and system service suppliers
When Amap provides location-based services in cooperation with third party software and device system, it may collect your location and device information based on your authorization and setting of system location before providing such information to the system which, under special circumstances, may include your personal information that you fill out separately. If you refuse the collection and use of such information, you need to set or close the software providing such services in your device system, and Amap is unable to manually or automatically set or close relevant services. 
b. Suppliers, service suppliers and other partners
We may send your information to the suppliers, service suppliers and other partners that support our business, and such support includes providing technical and infrastructure services, providing functional services within the products or the link to the product, analyzing the ways our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertisements and services, and providing customer services and investigation. 
c. Authorized partners that provide advertising and analysis services
Without your authorization, we will not share your personal information with our partners who provide advertising and analysis services, but we may share with our partners who provide advertising and analysis services your user portrayal that is formed with your personal information so as to help the latter promote effective accessibility of their advertising and service information. 
d. Taxi service partners
When you choose to use the taxi service, in order to provide you with safe and efficient service, the service provider will obtain your mobile phone number, time/place of taxi calling, destination, and emergency contact information.
e. Other partners that provide financial and credit investigation services
We may comprehensively collate or analyze or process your personal information, and share the data results with our partners according to the agreements or documents you sign with relevant partners, or based on the requirements of laws, regulations and legal procedures, or mandatory government requirements or judicial judgments, or legal demands of financial and credit examination investigation agencies in order to judge your credibility, screen quality users, or reduce bad debts of loans 
(3) Requirements for sharing
Before sharing personal information, we will sign a strict data safety and confidentiality agreement with the third party with whom such personal information is to be shared, and require the latter to process personal information by taking relevant confidentiality and safety measures according to our explanation and this privacy policy. 
3.3 Transfer and public release
(1) Transfer. We will not transfer your personal information to any other companies, organizations or individuals than Amap and its affiliated companies, except under the following circumstances: 
a. Amap has obtained your clear authorization or consent in advance;
b. Amap is required by applicable laws and regulations, and legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial judgments to provide such information;
c. When such information is used in compliance with the stipulations of other legal documents (like the terms here) that are signed with you;
d. When it involves mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy or liquidation, and involves transfer of personal information, we will require the new company or organization which holds your personal information to continue being bound by this privacy policy, or we will require such company or organization to get your authorization and consent anew. 
(2) Public disclosure. We will only disclose your personal information to the public under the following circumstances: 
a. We have your express consent; 
b. As required by laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation, or mandatory competent government department, we may disclose your personal information to the public.
3.4 Exceptions
Sharing, transferring or publicly disclosing personal information does not need the authorization or consent of the entity of such personal information under any of the following circumstances: 
a. When it is related to national security and security of national defense; 
b. When it is related to public security, public health and major public interests;
c. When it is related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution;
d. When it is for protecting the personal information subject’s or other individuals’ life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but is hard to get their consent;
e. When the personal information we collect is independently released by the subject of such personal information to the public;
f. When the personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information like legal news reports, government information disclosure. 
4. How we keep and protect your personal information
4.1 Where we keep your personal information
Your personal information will be stored within the territory of the People’s Republic of China. Except that you need to use Amap products or services (including but not limited to location and search) for data transmission abroad, we will separately get your authorization and consent in case you need transnational data transmission. 
4.2 Term for keeping your personal information
Unless otherwise stipulated in laws and regulations, Amap will keep your information by the following periods: 
(1) When you use Amap products or services, unless you voluntarily delete such information or cancel your account; 
(2) When you delete your personal information or cancel your account, we will take measures timely to delete your personal information from the business function system and make it unavailable for search or access. (3) In order to protect your and Amap’s legitimate rights and interests, we are entitled to continue to save your information in a separate system for evidence preservation within 36 months from the date you delete or cancel your account. After the expiration of the evidence preservation period, we will anonymize such preserved personal information in a timely manner. If you are willing to waive all legal remedies related to the deletion of information when you cancel the account or delete the information, Amap will delete relevant data six months after you delete the information according to laws and regulations such as Cybersecurity Law. 
4.3 Safety Measures
(1) Amap will take proper safety measures and technical means that meet the standards of the industry to store and protect your personal information so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access or leakage, falsification or destruction of such information. For example, the exchange of data between your browser and server is protected by SSL protocol encryption; we will use encryption technology to improve the security of personal information; we will use a trusted protection mechanism to prevent malicious attacks on personal information.
(2)  We have an industry-leading data security management system centered around the data life cycle with the data as its core, and improve the security of the entire system from multiple dimensions such as organization construction, system design, personnel management and product technology. At present, our important information systems have passed the assessment of network security level protection and been certified by ISO27001 and ISO27018.
(3) We will deploy access control mechanism, and we only allow employees of Amap and relevant affiliated companies necessary to access such information to visit or revise such information after we take reasonable measures to verify their identities. Meanwhile, we will strictly require them to perform the confidentiality and safety duties. Should they fail to perform such duties, they will be investigated of legal liabilities or their cooperative relationship with Amap will be terminated. In addition, we will have training programs on security and privacy protection to increase employees’ awareness on the importance of personal information protection.
(4) To protect your information safety, in case of any mistake in your personal information, Amap will, after strictly examining and verifying the applicant’s identity, access, revise or delete relevant information at user’s requirements (Unless otherwise such personal information must be maintained by Amap for legal reasons.)
4.4 Special tips 
(1) The Internet is by no means an absolutely safe environment. It is hard to say if the ways of communicating with other users like email, instance message, social software and transaction platforms are encrypted or not. Please pay attention to protecting the safety of your personal information when exchanging and using it. 
(2) Please understand that there may be malicious or non-malicious means of attacks along with the rapid development of computer and Internet technologies and due to the restriction of synchronization speed. Although Amap continues devoting itself to improving and strengthening safety measures to prevent any accident of or damage to your information, it can’t ensure 100% safety of your personal information.  
(3) The systems and communication networks, or hardware device of the products or services you use can’t be controlled by Amap, please understand and pay attention to protecting the safety of your personal information. 
(4) Your anonymized personal information will form usable and streaming data, Amap will not need to inform you and get your consent before preserving and processing such data.
4.5 Safety accidents
(1) If unfortunately a personal information safety event occurs, we will, according to the requirements of laws and regulations, inform you of the basic situation of the safety event and possible influences in a timely way, the measures we have already taken or are going to take, suggestions on your independent prevention and control and reduction of risks, remedies for you, etc. We may inform you of relevant information with the contact method you have left to us by means of notice, short message, phone call, or email in a timely way. When it is difficult to notify each party concerned one by one, we will make an announcement in a reasonable and effective way. 
(2) We will handle system loopholes, network attacks, virus attacks and network intrusion and other safety risks in a timely way. In case of an event that endangers network safety, we will take corresponding remedies in a timely way according to the network safety event emergency plan, and send push notifications to the competent department in charge as required. 
(3) If our physical, technical or management defense facilities are destroyed, which leads to unauthorized access, public disclosure, manipulation or destruction of information, and causes damages to your legal rights and interests, we will bear corresponding responsibilities in strict accordance with legal provisions. 
5. How you manage your information
Amap requests your attention to your personal information, and provides you with management methods of personal information. You have the right to inquire, correct, manage and delete your information and protect your privacy and safety. 
5.1 Inquiry right 
Unless exceptions stipulated in laws and regulations, we will make our best to enable you to smoothly access your personal information whenever you use our services. You may exercise your inquiry right in any of the following ways: 
(1) Account information: If you hope to access or edit your personal data or information in your account, change your password, add safety information, etc, you may conduct such operations in the products you use. 
(2) Use information: You may check or clean your search records, navigation records and driving routes in Amap products. 
(3) Order information: You may check or clean your order records, transaction records and invoice records in Amap products. 
5.2 Right of correction
When you need to update your personal information or discover that we process your personal information wrongly, you have the right to make corrections or updates. You may make corrections within Amap product, or submit your correction application to us through feedback and error reporting. Before you make any correction or update, we possibly will ask you to first verify your identity and then process your request. 
5.3 Right to delete
(1) You may delete your information by the setting or function control in the product. When you delete your personal information or cancel your account, we will take measures timely to delete your personal information from the business function system and make it unavailable for search or access.
(2) You may apply to us for deleting your personal information under any of the following circumstances: 
a. if our behavior of processing personal information violates laws and regulations; 
b. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent; 
c. If our behavior of processing personal information violates our agreement with you; 
d. If you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information; 
e. If we terminate product operation and services. 
5.4 Right of rescission 
(1) You may withdraw part of the authorization by removing binding, revising personal setting or deleting relevant information, or withdraw authorization by closing the function. 
(2) When you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will be unable to continue providing you with services corresponding to your consent or authorization already withdrawn, nor will us process your personal information anymore. However, your decision to withdraw consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information already launched based on your consent or authorization. 
5.5 Right of cancellation
Amap provides you with the function of application for cancellation. Once you cancel your account, you will be unable to use services related to the account. Therefore, please do it with caution. To protect your and other people’s legal rights and interests, we need to verify your identity before canceling your account for you, and decide to or not to support your cancellation application according to your use of Amap products. For example, if there is any order skipped from Amap information service in your account, or any unfulfilled order in your car-calling function, we will not immediately support your request. Unless otherwise stipulated in laws and regulations, we will stop providing corresponding products and services after cancelling the account, and delete your personal information at your request. When logging in Amap products with authorization of a third party account, you need to apply to such third party for canceling the account. 
5.6 Getting a copy of personal information
If you want to get a copy of your basic information and travel information, you can contact us through customer service and we will respond to your request within 15 days. 
5.7 Management problems
(1) If you can’t access, correct or delete your personal information in the above ways, or you can’t complete the account cancellation application, or you have any doubt or question about Amap’s collection and use of your information, you may contact us through Amap customer service. To ensure safety, we may need you to submit a written request or verify your identity in other ways. We will reply to your request within 15 days from receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. 
(2) We will make reasonable business efforts to meet your request for personal information inquiry, correction, management, deletion, getting information copy and account cancellation. However, we may refuse requests which are repeated without any good reason, require too many technical means, may bring risks to other people’s legal rights and interests, or are very unrealistic. 
(3) For your reasonable requests, we do not collect any charges in principle, but for repeated requests or requests that are unreasonable, we will collect a certain amount of cost fees as the case may be. 
5.8 Exceptions
According to requirements of laws and regulations, we are unable to respond to your request for correction, deletion or cancellation of information in the following circumstances:  
a. When it is related to national security and security of national defense; 
b. When it is related to public safety, public health and major public interests; 
c. When it is related to criminal investigation, prosecution and trials; 
d. When there is sufficient evidence to prove that you are subjectively in bad faith or abuse your power;
e. When any trade secret is involved;
f. When responding to your request will cause serious harms to the legal rights and interests of other individuals or organizations. 
6. Information you share 
6.1 Information and feedback 
(1) The growth of Amap is inseparable from your supports and help. We thank you very much for your contribution of updated data, information feedbacks and comments and contents to Amap. You may report location errors, new locations, road problems, comments, and share information on road conditions through Amap to help more users access more accurate information. 
(2) When you make public and share any information in Amap products or services, anybody may check or access such information like photos and comments you upload when using or not using Amap products or services. Please try to avoid sensitive personal information and make prudent decisions when sharing information. 
6.2 Location sharing 
(1) You may share your location with other people or on social networks based on our services, and independently select the objects you want to communicate or share such location information with to be the third parties that can see the contents you search, share and exchange. 
(2) When you exchange or share your location, site or other personal information with other people, social networks, or third party service suppliers, or use your location, site or other personal information with the third party, or direct to the links of third party services, you may disclose or expose your personal information to the third party, and may possibly get a random anonymous identifier for advertising purpose. Amap suggests that you read the privacy statements made by such social networks or third party service suppliers to understand how they process your information so as to make prudent decisions. 
7. Applicable laws and dispute settlement 
7.1 Applicable laws 
The execution and explanation of this policy, and dispute settlement shall all be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China, and does not take into consideration any conflict of laws. 
7.2 Dispute settlement
In case of any dispute between you and Amap over the contents of this policy or the execution of it, it shall be resolved through friendly negotiation by both sides. In case both sides can’t resolve the dispute through negotiation, both agree to bring the dispute to the people’s court where the defendant is located for adjudgement. 
8. Protection of the minors
8.1 We attach great importance to the protection of the minors’ personal information. 
If you are a minor, please do ask your guardian to carefully read this privacy policy, and you may use our services or provide information for us with your guardian’s consent.
8.2 Remedies 
(1) If you fail to get your guardian’s consent or you do not agree your guardian to use our services and provide us with information, please stop or ask your guardian to stop using our services immediately and contact us in a timely way. 
(2) When knowing after receiving your written notice that Amap collets personal information of a minor without getting the minor’s guardian’ s prior consent, Amap will immediately stop collecting and using relevant information. 
9. Change of privacy policy
9.1 Renewal and adjustment 
This policy will be amended on an irregular basis along with adjustment or updating of the business model, and such amendment constitutes a part of this privacy policy, and has a retrospective effect. 
 Without your express consent, we will not reduce the rights that you enjoy according to this privacy policy. We will release the changes of the privacy policy in a reasonable way.
Where the changed terms will reduce your rights or increase your obligations (i.e., in case of a “Major change”), we will notify you in a more informative way, e.g., notification on the main page of the product or service, emails to you, etc.. If you continue using our products or services, it will mean that you agree our revised privacy policy. 
 Major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to: 
a. Major changes in our service model, e.g., purposes of processing personal information, types of personal information subject to processing, methods of using personal information, etc.; 
b. Changes in the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information; 
c. Major changes in your right to participate in the processing of personal information and the way of exercising such right; 
d. Any change in our way of contact and complaint channel. 
10. How can you contact us 
10.1 Customer service channels 
If you have any doubt, opinion or suggestion on this privacy policy, or any opinion or suggestion on matters concerning your collection, use, co-sharing, inquiry, deletion and correction of your personal information when you use Amap products or services, or you have any problems when using Amap products or services, you may dial Amap customer service hotline 4008100080 to contact us or send an email to us through gd.service@autonavi.com. 
10.2 Special tips 
(1) Amap reminds you if the problems you reflect involve your personal information, especially your sensitive personal information, please do not leak such information on the phone or in the email, and we will further communicate with your under the premise of ensuring the safety of your personal information. 
(2) Under some circumstances, to ensure the safety of your personal information, we may need you to submit a written request, or verify your identity in other ways. We will reply to your request within 15 days from receiving your feedback and verifying your identity. 
10.3 Miscellaneous
If you are not satisfied with our replies, you may also mail your right notice and supporting materials to the following address: 
(1)	Special Group for Personal Information Protection, Alibaba Post Office, 4/F, Shoukai Plaza, 10 Furong Street,  Chaoyang District, Beijing, China, Zip code: 100102. 
(2)	E-mail address of Special Group for Personal Information Protection:  Privacy.Amap@service.autonavi.com
Attachment: Explanation of Nouns  
To help you better understand this privacy policy, we explain some nouns in the aforesaid clauses as follows: 
 Amap Group refers to the provider of Amap website, software and other products or services, including Amap Software Co., Ltd., Beijing Amap Cloud Atlas Technology Co., Ltd. You can inquire the details of the company through “National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System”. You may contact us in the manner provided in Clause 10 with respect to the protection of personal information of Amap Group.
 Sensitive personal information refers to personal information which, once leaked, illegally provided or misused, may endanger physical and property safety or easily cause damage to or discriminative treatment of personal reputation, physical or mental health. Sensitive personal information includes identity document number, personal biometric data, bank account number, communication records and content, property information, credit information, trace, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, personal information of minors, etc..
 Sole device identifier refers to exclusive device identifier, a string of characters which are incorporated into the device by the device manufacturer, which may mark corresponding device (e.g., International Mobile Device Identity (IMEI), Media Access Control) in a unique way. Different device identifiers may be different in terms of validity term, whether users can be reset, and the ways of access. Corresponding device may have a number of different exclusive device identifiers. Sole device identifiers may have multiple purposes, including safety and fraudulence detection, synchronization service (e.g., users’ email inbox), recordation of users’ preferred settings, and provision of relevant advertisements. 
Cookie refers to a mechanism that supports the server (or script) to store and retrieve information at the client terminal, which expands the Web-based client terminal/server application by increasing simple and continuous client terminal state. The server sends a piece of status information while returning the HTTP object to the client terminal which will be kept by the client terminal. The status information explains the effective URL scope under such status. Then all HTTP requests within the scope initiated by the client terminal will return the current value of such piece of status information to the server. Such status information is known as cookie. 
 Anonymous identifier refers to the identifier that is generated through machine algorithm on the basis of device parameters, which helps Amap recognize a user in order to provide better products and/or services and improve user experience. 
 User portrayal refers to the process of collecting, gathering and analyzing personal information before analyzing or predicting a natural person’s personal characteristics like occupation, financial status, health, education, personal preferences, credibility and behaviors and forming the natural person’s characteristics model. Direct use of a natural person’s personal information to form such natural person’s characteristics model is known as direct user portrayal. Use of personal information that is not of a specific natural person like data of the groups the specific natural person is in to form such natural person’s characteristics model is known as indirect user portrayal. 
 De-identification refers to the process of processing personal information so that the subject of the personal information can’t be identified without additional information. 
 Anonymization refers to the process of technically processing personal information so that the subject of personal information can’t be identified, and the processed information can’t be restored. Any anonymized information may be deemed to have been deleted.
 Affiliated company refers to any company or legal institute one party controls now or will control or be controlled by in the future, or is under control along with one party, and the legal heirs of the above company or legal institute. 
Control refers to (1) having over half of the voting power, directly or indirectly; (2) enjoying over half of the distributable profits, directly or indirectly; or (3) controlling over half of the members of the Board of Directors, directly or indirectly; or (4) holding half of the registered capital, directly or indirectly.  
